[MUSIC]
>> Brian Hold: This is going
back to semantic stuff.
If you feel like I'm talking about this
a lot, it's because I am and I meant to.
So I'm really hammering this home because
it's really tempting as a beginning
developer to not do these things.
And you're going to find out
the hard way that you should,
so it's better just to
start by doing it this way.
Naming is just shitty in
all of computer science.
You look at something like, I need to name
this, I do not know what I need to name
it, it needs to be a good name, but
I don't know what the good name is.
Very, very tempting in HTML and CSS to
say I have a container, it's purple so
I'm going to call it the purple-container
or this is my right-navigation.
It's a navigation bar and
it's on the right so
I'm going to call it my right-navigation.
This is bad.
Do not do it,
you're going to make yourself sad later.
Because say you're redesigning your site
and you have your navigation on the right
whereas your redesign calls for
it to be on the top.
You now have a thing called
right navigation that is on
the top of your page.
You're just gonna confuse the hell out of
yourself, out of others, it's just bad.
So, rather than naming something based on
it's presentation you're going to name it
based on what it is.
So, instead of calling it
right-navigation or side-navigation
you're going to call it minor-navigation
or I can't remember what we call it.
It might be inferior navigation.
Inferior and superior navigation right.
Something that implies hierarchy or
something like that.
So, it is very tempting to
give those names, don't,
call them something based on what they
are rather than based on how they look.
Again if you call it purple container.
And you have your purple
container which is green.
I guess what makes it really different
is that you're going to go look
at your code and you're gonna say, there's
something wrong inside of this container,
and you go look at it in your CSS,
and you're not gonna find it
because you're gonna be looking for
something called green container, when in
reality, it's called purple container.
Right, something that like, they just make
for weird things that are hard to find.
And the point is that,
when you change things later you
don't want to have to rename things.
And that's just a question you need to ask
yourself, is like if I need to change this
in three months, am I going to
screw myself up if I call it this?
Or if I need to find this later and
my co worker has modified this or
someone else I'm working with has
modified this to be different,
is this name still valid, right?